BEST SKILL AND WHY

Starting with there is no such thing as best skill. what makes your skill the your skill a best skil depends on what you do(Passion, goal, ambition and commitment)

How To Know Your BEST SKILL?

1.  Scan yourself:-
    a. Passion & Curiosity: what makes u feel energised, what makes u feel excited to do at anytime.
    b. Strenghts & Natural Talents: What do people compliment you on, what is very easy for you but hard for others.
    c. Values & Purpose: What makes u feel like "i want to fix that", what makes u feel meaningful to life.

2.  Check External Demand:-
    a. Spot Trends: latest things people are going for
    b. Zoom in Your Context:
    (i) Career & Life Stage: is that skill is a hobby, side job or full-time etc..
    (ii) Demand-Check: use the internet as your number one market tool, ask friends and family too.
    c. THE OUTCOME:
    (i) HIGH: is your survey going well.
    (ii) MEDIUM: your survey is getting tweaky.
    (iii) LOW: your not getting quality results
3.  LOCATION:
    a. Where are you based (city, urban, rural-Nigeria)
    b. Does your skill need physical presence?
    c. Are there any Local hindrances {Lack of power supply, cost of materials in that area.}
    WHY DOES ALL THESE MATTER?
    It matters because if u just venture in any skill and you dont have passion, purpose, strengths etc.... there is an 80% chance of failure.

In Conclusion I wont do the usual summmarising instead we will do a little peronal check game.
Note: Raise your finger if you have a point.... Lets Go....

1. if you feel excitement while doing that thing, do u have passion.
2. Does it match my strength, Talents or ability.
3. Can i improve in it Quickly as time goes by...{ You know Yourself}
4. Does it have demand in Todays society?

If you have 4 fingers up there is a 99% chance of success, If you have 3-2 fingers up you have 80-50% chance of success and also 50-20% of failure, if u have 0-1 finger up then i will not give you a %(percentage)chance of success or failure but just suggest not to go into that field or skill.

So Gentlemen, with this Summarisation Teaching of the day 3 webinar i will like to say a big thank you to the moderators of this webinar for the priviledge to speak to the Community. One LOVE.
I am KOGI RYKER SUPERIOR aka BILLIONAIRE-FASHION-TECHIE.

              javasript

Mathematical operations:- addition+, subtraction-, division/, multiplication\*, .raiseToPower**, percentage(no sign for it)
